temper and the boys okay while I what
pretending to not check your numbers our
big talkers Huff it up let's go let's
play some cards
huh and small-time gamblers play for
lottery tickets Last Man Standing take
small but tonight yeah this is Avery
Phillips you are my wallet there's a new
player at the table I hope we doing at
the door the guy with the water can tell
you how much I appreciate this someone
who is raising this day it's my you're
the winning ticket I'm walking out of
here with it and playing tap let's go
any in forgot to buy a ticket left side
trip are you talking about
empty the pocket for keeps it's time to
settle down this isn't supposed to be
fun this is gambling I'm thing about
lottery tickets this is a leap of faith
am I missing something what do you guys
suppose the chats are the bullies a
winner huh look at that gonna happen
here when you're lying
you're looking straight in the eye
cheated me tempted Eric Palladino
Academy award-nominated genes or Jones
Matthew Willard do all over the freaking
map tonight kid how do you live with
yourself Ryan Reynolds Carlito what are
you doing up there I am freezing Academy
award-nominated Robert Forster I'll tell
you what exactly written and directed by
survivors Jeff crops finder's fee
you